Update minio helm chart to the non-deprecated chart version (#2427)
grafana/mimir: operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/CHANGELOG.md

  - The remaining arguments are aligned with the rest of the chart's services, please consult the values file to check whether a parameter exists or was renamed.
* [CHANGE] Change default value for `blocks_storage.bucket_store.chunks_cache.memcached.timeout` to `450ms` to increase use of cached data. #2035
* [CHANGE] Remove setting `server.grpc_server_max_recv_msg_size` and `server.grpc_server_max_send_msg_size` to 100MB, since it is the default now, see #1884. #2300

> * [CHANGE] **breaking change** Update minio deprecated helm chart (<https://helm.min.io/>) to the supported chart's version (<https://charts.min.io/>). #2427

Reviewer: please rebase to current main and move this to the new unreleased section

  - Renamed helm config values `minio.accessKey` to `minio.rootUser`.
  - Renamed helm config values `minio.secretKey` to `minio.rootPassword`.

>   - `minio.image.repository` and `minio.image.tag` are available to set custom minio image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Minio container images are now loaded from quay.io instead of Docker Hub. Set `minio.image.repository` value to override the default behavior.
```
